[Music]
hello again youtubers in Pokemon fans I
of course am Jeff owner of the Polka
capital calm and toys MCM calm hey
YouTube network today's video we have a
new 3-pack pin buster featuring a pin of
mega Gengar the mascot of at least one
of our partners the Pokemon
evolutionary's I know he opened this up
earlier yesterday I believe and I'll
have an annotation to his opening later
in the video
in case you guys want to see a second
one and see if he did better than we did
later today I know this video is up
earlier than usual we will still have an
upload at 6 p.m. Eastern which will be
an official battle against exalted
Pokemon using the mega Kangaskhan pin
blister which I have right over here
so make sure after this video ok when
you watch it you know check back at 6
p.m. Eastern and we'll have another
video up for you guys to watch so the
unique part of all this one is animega
Gengar pin so give you a close-up look
at that bad boy right there nice and
shiny and fierce and just go sleep
because it's ghost and there is looks
like that's got like the golden fish
again so like in the mega diancie pack
the pin their head like a gold back
where other ones had silver looks having
it have just you don't changed the
finish of it so oh yes three packs one
of each XY set excluding bass so as we
typically do we'll go from oldest to
newest
which means flash fire first so the mega
Charizard X on the pack art made the
luck be in our favor today
after yesterday's opening we've got
flabébé pineco centric phoebus bird
might these are similar to yesterday's
in flash fire startling megaphone mell
tank
torkoal phoebus reversed and it Snorlax
so the nod hollow streak continues
serious fists which we did not get to
open yesterday
so let's see if furious fists can bring
us a little bit of luck gotta find
something shiny plus all much shop bell
spell goal it Mienfoo Poliwhirl Vigoroth
super scoop up reverse hallo scraggy and
tornadoes come on shiny cards we want
the shinies please phantom forces last
pack last chance for glory and if we
whip you may have to hop on PTC geo and
open up those three codes and try to
find something good
discovery rock and roll up British
mininet chancy mystery energy
fearow enhanced hammer bronzer reverse
and a holo rare Heatran alright we got
something something with a little bit of
shine at least not me X but we'll take
it
so a holo Heatran so if you want to see
if the Pokemon evolutionary's did better
there should be an annotation on your
screen now to check out his Gengar mega
Ginga pain and blister it's not official
battle but since we didn't do very well
maybe he did better I didn't watch
beforehand I just saw bright before I
did this that he had it up so I'll check
it out after this video as well and
hopefully you guys will as well in the
meantime please subscribe like comment
all that good stuff all of our links are
important to be found in the description
box below thank y'all for watching and
I'll see you all right back here later
today at 6 p.m. Eastern for another
Pokemon opening again in that battle
with the mega kangaskhan pin battle
against exalted Pokemon so I'll see you
then
you